---
slug: welcome-to-help-desk
title: Welcome To Help Desk!
author: Tax Matterz
author_title: Software Development Team @ Tax Matterz
# author_url: https://github.com/yangshun
# author_image_url: https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1315101?s=400&v=4
author_image_url: https://help.taxmatterz.com/img/logo.original.svg
tags: [Help Desk, Welcome, Powered By Docusaurus]
---

We are very pleased to announce the launch of Help Desk. Help desk is an online app that allows users to gain more knowledge about all things accounting in the world of Tax Matterz. Want to learn about how to pay your taxes online, what is GST, how to decode your banking transactions etc,  well you can learn this and more on [Help Desk](https://help.taxmatterz.com).

Help Desk has been made in house powered by love 😍 while also harnessing the latest in web technologies. This project officially launched on 29 December 2022 but has been in use for a couple of months now. The journey to creating this app started nearly one to two years back.

📕 **Brief Overview of Our  Process**:
* Identifying what is required for an online portal that serves hundreds of clients.
* Researching various online platforms that supported all of the features we required.
* Exploring each of the platforms that we shortlisted.
* Selecting docusaurus.io version two as our platform of choice. 
* This process took months of exploring each competing technology solution, working out if it was right for us and clients.
* Designing the User Interface on top of our selected platform.
* Add additional features.
* Writing the documentation and various articles.
* Testing the platform.
* Launching the platform. 
* Add new features and repeat the above steps. 

Our vision 👀 for Help Desk is to continuously ship new features and articles to make our clients lives that much easier.

It is available for all modern mobile phones and computers. If you bought your computer in the last 10 years, or smartphone in the last 5-6 years Help Desk should work on your device. We recommend using a modern web browser such as Firefox, Safari, Chrome or Microsoft Edge. We don’t test Help Desk on other browsers.

*If you want an app like Help Desk or something else entirely to be made for you then speak to our lovely team and we will be sure to assist you.*